c
ed
amsterdam man here I am if gary is still there I must find him
I come from belgium and the greatest attention my project all these people who
follow us
but gives it I feel very small
all alone with my backpack in the crowd of this huge airport
but I take my place
as if I were a traveler like any other
nobody knows that I have another purpose
it's a funny feeling
I wonder if among all these people there are others who pretend
to be the ones who are not
in fact it is the case of the warrior
I had a little break outside
alas it's almost too good to be real incredible
a little time register returns to the near suburbs of los angeles for the
make
I think dsk denies
frankly the french i am traveling to amsterdam this morning i
took back my credit card I do not know anyone here
like everyone
the counter-offensive by showing earlier if you want to help me I respect
the fact that our sport at the beginning I had as early as Tuesday
but according to his lawyer, you have to take advantage of it
but percent
it's the percentage
the price supervisor of nine-car housing
and why you do not make a pronounced judgment the password it's
beautiful
it's like that
what I saw a lot of trust
the judges
it's also stronger and stronger why not
when a president very good exercise
it's obvious
then 12
already weak why
conducted percent
in this second period
like that
president of human relations
the first to know it hurts me
this case meet at 4 pm your socialist opponent
I do not know if it is him who for the moment is gifted
or it's me who knows better how to do it
but I remain convinced that we can not take the risk of refusing
help someone who really needs it
at 6 o'clock
I'm not going to default
for the simple and good reason
than looking at the cafes at the airport
through a window
I see someone who looks to me to be terrible
my heart is going to 100 per hour